#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
acryl-datahub[bigquery,datahub-rest,looker,lookml]==0.8.41
    # via -r requirements.in
altair==4.2.0
    # via great-expectations
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.7
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   looker-sdk
avro==1.10.2
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   avro-gen3
avro-gen3==0.7.4
    # via acryl-datahub
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black==22.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
build==0.8.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
cattrs==22.1.0
    # via looker-sdk
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   black
    #   click-default-group
    #   flask
    #   great-expectations
    #   pip-tools
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via acryl-datahub
colorama==0.4.5
    # via great-expectations
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via great-expectations
debugpy==1.6.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via acryl-datahub
docker==5.0.3
    # via acryl-datahub
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.0.0rc8
    # via cattrs
executing==0.9.1
    # via stack-data
expandvars==0.9.0
    # via acryl-datahub
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
    # via nbformat
flake8==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   sqllineage
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via sqllineage
future==0.18.2
    # via sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-api-core[grpc]==2.8.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth==2.10.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.1.3
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.3
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.2.0
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.14.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-logging==3.1.1
    # via acryl-datahub
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.56.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
great-expectations==0.15.2
    # via acryl-datahub
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via acryl-datahub
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.4
    # via google-cloud-logging
grpcio==1.47.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.47.0
    # via google-api-core
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via acryl-datahub
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   great-expectations
ipykernel==6.15.1
    # via notebook
ipython==8.4.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via notebook
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via great-expectations
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.9.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
lkml==1.2.0
    # via acryl-datahub
looker-sdk==22.2.1
    # via acryl-datahub
lxml==4.9.1
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbconvert
mixpanel==4.10.0
    # via acryl-datahub
more-itertools==8.14.0
    # via acryl-datahub
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nbclient==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.3
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.8.5
    # via sqllineage
notebook==6.4.12
    # via great-expectations
numpy==1.23.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   great-expectations
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via black
progressbar2==4.0.0
    # via acryl-datahub
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.22.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-logging
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.1
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.9.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.2
    # via acryl-datahub
pyflakes==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-utils==3.3.3
    # via progressbar2
pytz==2022.2
    # via
    #   avro-gen3
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   yamllint
pyzmq==23.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
ratelimiter==1.2.0.post0
    # via acryl-datahub
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   great-expectations
    #   looker-sdk
    #   mixpanel
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.17
    # via great-expectations
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel-yaml
scipy==1.9.0
    # via great-expectations
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   avro-gen3
    #   bleach
    #   flask-cors
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   mixpanel
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sql-metadata==2.2.2
    # via acryl-datahub
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
sqlalchemy-bigquery==1.4.4
    # via acryl-datahub
sqllineage==1.3.5
    # via acryl-datahub
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   sql-metadata
    #   sqllineage
stack-data==0.3.0
    # via ipython
stackprinter==0.2.7
    # via acryl-datahub
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via acryl-datahub
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   great-expectations
terminado==0.15.0
    # via notebook
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via acryl-datahub
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pep517
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via great-expectations
traitlets==5.2.1.post0
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-deprecated==1.2.9
    # via acryl-datahub
types-termcolor==1.1.5
    # via acryl-datahub
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   acryl-datahub
    #   black
    #   great-expectations
    #   looker-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via acryl-datahub
tzdata==2022.2
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.2
    # via
    #   avro-gen3
    #   great-expectations
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   mixpanel
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via docker
werkzeug==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   sqllineage
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
yamllint==1.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
